Coming to the USA soon
Agreed Chloe
Thanks for all your help Tony
Tough one Anna but a very important one.....
Cafeteria nightmares.
Merci beaucoup !
With hula hoops ? Wtf
Where's the Lamb ?
Agreed.
Did you cry ?
Who puked in your flower pots ?
B   urnt    L   ooks   T  errible
The plastic nails look way worse......
Is it for a group of 5yr olds Halloween party ?
What's his parrot called ?
It looks like it's caught a disease.....
It's burnt underneath
Looks like my bulldogs log !!!
Spago Bol  locks  ....
Thanks for all your help, and still can't believe the amount of drug driving your dealing with daily
Looks like he missed the toilet.....
Looks like a sliced up baseball glove ............
Cordon off the area ! Danger zone
Who was sick over it ?
What's her dogs name ?
Crusted dogs turd
The weirdest looking pizza in the world......... did they fall from the sky ?
Mixed up ! Is she trying to kill you ?
James is starting his culinary tour strong. Enjoy James GX
Looks like your dogs laid one in the oven
Hell's Kitchen slider on the house .........
Paint the town green with being sick ! It's out of date June 2017
More wrinkles.........
Cement puke.........
There's no love there ! Come on IMO wake up.....
3rd time not so lucky !!!!
America, they may be All Stars by name but in the kitchen, they seem to be anything but...Catch it all on a new...
Your love has burnt his crab cake ! Ps don't deconstruct before you can construct properly
How to make your sister cry on her birthday! Bake her a mess !!!!!
Your doctor's on the line !
Looks like my grandads sponge
I'm not sure what's worse your curly toe nails or your curly fries.
Looks like the bottom of my mums parrots cage
Layered puke !
Salmon in an oil slick
It's so raw it could walk back into the field !
You need a straw to drink it....
Rubber egg on burnt toast ! Now it's famous
Puke dip !
50 shades of Donots !!!!
What's his dogs name ?
Wrapped in a diaper
Please don't !
Back in 1986....
Jump....
A lunch time boob job !
Waste of a POTATOE
Please take your cat to the Vet ! It's very ill.....
Looks like a hand towel dipped in tomato sauce.
Is it a cafeteria for dogs ?
I'm not a fan of grey balls !
Turn your gas on ! It's Raw
Dry !
It's grey like my grands hair
Miss Friday's episode ?? Catch up on it now !
We're full no thanks
Ps you made the right move !
Not to sure about your skid mark.....
Nacho cake ? Macho sick bag !!!!
The look like my grandads elbows in the crematorium...
Who dropped it ?
Please don't  Delia
Opening on November 20th can't wait Shawn
Flip flops
What's your dogs name ?
Even your Bulldog isn't interested....
Looks like you caused the break up with those cookies
A drunken mess.....
Spring ! It's looks so rubbery it's going to bounce out of the pan......
Looks like my grandads net curtains
Listen to me !
Make it your last !
Is he upset with you !
Looks like you've been smoking hash
I feel sick
Did your dog puke on your salad ?
December 1st looking forward to seeing you Angela
Happy Birthday to a great team and thank you for all your incredible efforts. Yours faithfully The Cod Father
Coming soon to Caesars Palace can't wait
I was , cant wait to return to Toronto and open something exciting.
Congrats team well done ! Gx
Tell her they've hatched !
I'd go for the milk ! But its already gone.....
Yes change your Chef....
Who dropped it ?
It's looks like she's never been to Spain
They look like my old  grannies place mats
Sole less
Would love to thanks Neil
You need a straw to eat that !
Finally I've made it thank you...
Tell your granny you  finished high school 10yrs ago
You didn't......
Looks like a baby's carrier stuffed with sausages
Congrats.... on the worst fried egg ever....
A S B..... anemic sad balls
Yes Start again
Look for some new mates
They look like a tray of bad muffins.
Flying out with the little ones for the weekend? Check out Tilly's new menu and recipe book before you take off...
